QA: static-local-volume-update (#4173)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/1.8/storage/static-local-volume/index.md

enterprise: false
---

The `localvolumeprovisioner` addon uses the [local volume static provisioner][localstorage] to manage persistent volumes for pre-allocated disks.
It does this by watching the `/mnt/disks` folder on each host and creating persistent volumes in the `localvolumeprovisioner` storage class for each disk that is discovered in this folder.

-   Persistent volumes with a 'Filesystem' volume-mode are discovered if they are mounted under `/mnt/disks`.

-   Persistent volumes with a 'Block' volume-mode are discovered if a symbolic link to the block device is created in `/mnt/disks`.

## Before you begin

Before starting this tutorial, you should verify the following:

-   You have access to a Linux, macOS, or Windows computer with a supported operating system version.

> -   You have a provisioned `konvoy` cluster that is configured to use the `localvolumeprovisioner` addon, but have not any addons to the cluster.

Reviewer: I have seen this kind of wording before, and I believe there is a verb or something missing in the second phrase. Or am I missing something? 
```suggestion
-   You have a provisioned `konvoy` cluster that is configured to use the `localvolumeprovisioner` addon, but have not added any addons to the cluster.
```

> For this tutorial, you **should not deploy** using all of the default settings as described in the [Quick start][quickstart].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this tutorial, **do not deploy** using all of the default settings as described in the [Quick start][quickstart].
```

> This distinction between provisioning and deployment is important because some addons might depend on the storage class provided by the `localvolumeprovisioner` addon and might fail to start if it is not configured yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This distinction between provisioning and deployment is important because some addons depend on the storage class provided by the `localvolumeprovisioner` addon and fail to start if it is not configured yet.
```

### Provision the cluster and a volume

1.  Provision the local volume provisioner to watch for mounts in `/mnt/disks` on each host.

    For example, mount a `tmpfs` volume with `ansible` using the `inventory.yaml` provided by `konvoy` by running the following command:

    ```bash
    ANSIBLE_HOST_KEY_CHECKING=False ansible -i inventory.yaml node -m shell -b -a "mkdir -p /mnt/disks/example-volume && mount -t tmpfs example-volume /mnt/disks/example-volume"
    ```

1.  Verify the persistent volume by running the following command:

    ```bash

>     kubectl get pv --kubeconfig=admin.conf

Reviewer 2: This PR looks good - but my one suggestion might be something like - 
"Verify the persistent volume by running the following command. Note: if you've already set your kubeconfig for this environment, ignore the `--kubeconfig=admin.conf` flag:
kubectl get pv --kubeconfig=admin.conf
"

Because some folks set that or might have it set for some other reason.

Other than that - nice improvements.
